docs: typo fixes and grammar corrections at README.MD (#2073)
pankod/refine: README.md

## Motivation

Higher-level frontend frameworks can save you a lot of time, but they typically offer you a trade-off between speed and flexibility.

After many years of experience in developing B2B frontend applications and working with popular frameworks, we came up with a new approach to tackle this dilemma. This is how **refine** was born.

> **refine** is a collection of helper `hooks`, `components` and `providers`. They are all decoupled from your UI components and business logic, so they never keep you from customizing your UI or coding at your own pace.

Author: I'm actually not familiar with a phrase as doing something 'your own flow'. Can you explain what is meant by that?

I thought the aimed meaning in this sentence was something like "...it never keeps you from coding the way you used to do." That's why, I proposed "at your own pace" because I thought it was about doing something at your own speed and how you used to do it. If that's not the meaning aimed here, then I'm mistaken.

> **refine** is a collection of helper `hooks`, `components` and `providers`. They are all decoupled from your UI components and business logic, so they never keep you from customizing your UI or coding at your own pace.

Reviewer: The way you wrote is also one of our goals to provide to the users, not sure if this is mentioned in somewhere else or not. But for this sentence is aimed to have a slightly different meaning like "**refine** will not be a burden on you if you want customized UI or even more customized flows/user interfaces". Other than this, I don't see any reason for us to keep this PR waiting, let's update this line (I think reverting to the old version will be enough for now, we can reevaluate this later) and I'll merge this PR. Thanks again! 🙏

> **refine** is a collection of helper `hooks`, `components` and `providers`. They are all decoupled from your UI components and business logic, so they never keep you from customizing your UI or coding at your own pace.

Author: Right, I see. I had a difficulty getting that meaning but it makes sense if that's what you mean and it seems like a better option than what I proposed.
Thank you for your cooperation. I'm glad to be able to contribute!

> **refine** is a collection of helper `hooks`, `components` and `providers`. They are all decoupled from your UI components and business logic, so they never keep you from customizing your UI or coding at your own pace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**refine** is a collection of helper `hooks`, `components` and `providers`. They are all decoupled from your UI components and business logic, so they never keep you from customizing your UI or coding your own flow.
```

> Whereas **refine** is totally _unopinionated_ about UI and logic, it's strongly _opinionated_ about three parts of your application:

Reviewer: Got it, makes sense! Resolving this one, thanks for the explanation.
